We just put together our user request hook.
Now we're going to use it inside of our signup component before we do.
In the last video, I realized I made a little mistake.
So back over inside of our used request hook file.
I have once again made use of the weight keyword without marking the enclosing function as async.
So I'm going to throw in that keyword very quickly right away.
Okay.
Let's go back over to sign up.
So back over here.
I'm going to delete where we get this urs piece of state.
And I'm going to replace it with a call to this user request hook.
So when we call user request, we're going to get back in object that remember has the do request function.
And the heirs property.
This will come from user request.
And inside this object we're going to pass off to use request.
We are going to provide a URL, a method and the body.
So our URL is going to be API users sign up.
The method will be post.
And the body in this case is going to be our email and our password.
So now we've got a function that we can call to actually execute the request, and we have possibly
some errors right here.
So now down inside of on submit, we don't have to write out all this logic right here.
We already essentially put all this stuff together inside that hook.
All we have to do is call, do request.
That's it.
And then to show any errors that might have occurred during the request.
We want to show this air's thing.
Down inside.
Where he had previously had all this complicated logic stuck directly inside of here.
We can replace it with just simply errors.
We do not have to check and see if heirs is defined or anything like that, because by default it will
be equal to null.
So let's now save this.
I'm going to flip back over and do a quick test.
So I'm going to first put in some invalid input here.
So invalid email, invalid password.
And attempt to sign up.
Look at that.
It still works.
Now, if I put in a valid email and a valid password.
Let's say test.
Or how about just some gibberish?
I'll sign up and you'll notice that the request was made successfully.
If you have open your network request log.
There is a little bug right now.
If we submit a request and it is valid or something is invalid and then we make another request that
is valid.
We don't clear out the error that we had previously set there so we could take care of that very easily
by going back over to the hook.
Back inside of user request.
We'll say that the instant that someone is trying to make a follow up request, let's just go ahead
and reset our piece of state.
So right before making the request.
I'll do a set errors with NULL.
So now if I attempt to submit right away, I get an error.
But if I put in a valid email address and a valid password.
The error goes away, and I signed up successfully.
Perfect.
So again, this little hook that we put together of dear request is just a little time saving thing.
It's good to make it a little bit easier on some other components that are going to be eventually put
together to very easily make a request, consume some data out of it, and so on.
Well, that is pretty much it for our sign up.
Component.
We just all have to do one or two quick things.
For example, we need to make sure that after signing up successfully, we redirect the user over to
that index page and say something like You are signed in.
So still a little bit left.
But for the most part this component is now complete.
So quick pause right here and we'll continue in just a moment.